Previously on
The Big Bang Theory...
Cohabitation with my girlfriend?
That's a great deal to process.
Mmm. It's only for five weeks.
Let me appeal to the scientist in you.
Given the five-week end date,
isn't it the perfect opportunity
to consider this an experiment
and collect data on our compatibility?
Don't try luring me in with sexy talk.
Okay, Star Trek, the original series.
The Enterprise was on a five-year mission
to explore new worlds.
Think of this as your personal
five-week mission to do the same.
Well, if you want to lure me in
with sexy talk, that's how you do it.
Okay, why don't you guys stay
across the hall and we will live here?
- Very well, I'm on board.
- Seriously?
Yes. I accept this five-week mission to
share a living space with my girlfriend.
Oh, this is so exciting.
Well, now don't be surprised if
like Star Trek, it's canceled in three.
Okay, I'm confused,
which one is Mr. Robot?
I'll give you a hint,
we're watching Daredevil.
Will you two please inform Amy
how much you enjoy
adhering to a strict bathroom schedule?
- Can't.
- Won't.
- Didn't.
- Don't.
I told you, you can't regulate
every aspect of our lives.
I can if you'd just
roll over and accept your fate!
I'm sorry for bringing this over here.
Believe me, we know
what you're going through.
And I think the most helpful thing
we can tell you is, no backsies.
Sheldon, I understand
that you like things a certain way
and I'm willing to make some concessions,
but you have to be open to compromise.
- She's right, that's reasonable.
- Oh!
Look who's in favor of compromise,
the woman who married Leonard Hofstadter.
Hey, she didn't compromise,
she settled, there's a difference.
Yeah. You tell 'em, babe.
What time do you and Bernadette head out?
Well, as soon as I get home.
We're hoping to make it before dark.
I've never been to Palm Springs.
You should go, it's terrific.
I really thrive anywhere the women
and the temperature are over 90.
I don't know.
If I want to watch old people sweat
I can just FaceTime my family in India.
It's nice you and Bernadette
are getting away.
Well, she wants us to spend more time
together before the baby comes.
So then, what are you doing
here buying comic books?
Well, he wants us to
spend more time together
before the baby comes.
When you live with someone
there's gonna be conflict.
You just have to keep communicating.
Well, I'm open to that.
Okay, well, for starters,
there's nothing wrong with keeping
our toothbrushes in the same holder.
Sheldon, what do you say to that?
I think we should see other people.
What?
Well, as a male,
I have an evolutionary drive
to perpetuate my DNA.
And restricting myself
to a single partner,
it's against my nature.
We sleep together once a year!
You want other partners?
Don't blame me, blame your pal biology,
he's the pervert pulling the strings here.
You wanna see other people?
Go see other people!
I hope one of those people is a monkey
because this is bananas.
Hey, you can make jokes,
but if this keeps up
he's gonna move back in here.
Right, well, let's at least
get them apart for a while
so they can cool down.
Good. Then before we reintroduce them
we'll give him one of her sweaters
so he can get used to her scent again.
Wait, so it's okay for you to joke around?
Well, no, that's actually
what we did with him
when Howard came back from space.
Honey, how you feeling?
The book says at this
stage of the pregnancy
morning sickness should be going away.
So, that's good news, right?
The only thing I hate more
than you right now is that book!
There she is!
Who's ready for a hot,
three-hour car ride to the desert?
Next vomit is going to be in your lap.
I'm sorry. We don't have to go.
But it's our last chance to take
a vacation that's just the two of us.
How about we stay here?
We don't even have to tell anyone,
it'll be like a secret vacation at home.
Keeping secrets from our friends,
it does sound kind of fun.
Does it sound
sexy?
You just heard me throwing up.
You bet I did.
You're so weird.
You know what's weird?
How turned on you are right now.
You know, people are quick to accuse me
of being difficult to live with,
but the truth is,
Amy is just as challenging.
- Just as challenging.
- Yes.
As you?
Yes.
- Just as challenging as you?
- Yeah...
When we're sleeping she breathes on me.
Well, one night it got so bad
I almost grabbed Toto
and headed for the storm cellar.
Well, Leonard breathes on me, too.
It's not a big deal.
She's always complaining
about people at work.
Well, so does Leonard.
It's kind of annoying,
but it's not the end of the world.
Do you know that
when I get out of the shower,
she eyes me up and down
like I'm a piece of meat?
You know, so does Leonard!
Can't I just get ready in the morning
- without him giving me his goofy thumbs-up?
- "Hey!"
I know, sometimes I would just like
to be appreciated for my mind.
Agreed! Thank you!
That feels great.
Well, pulling a quarter out of your ear
isn't the only magic these hands can do.
In fact, what, what's
this between your toes?
Can you please stop making money
come out of me for two minutes?
- Was that the front door?
- It sounded like it.
Oh, my God, someone's in the house.
Lock the door, lock the door!
We should call the police.
I left my phone downstairs!
Damn, so did I.
Wait, I have my iPad!
What are we gonna do, email 911?
That's not helpful!
You know I rely on humor
in times of stress!
Let me know when you start,
because that wasn't funny!
Is that the hot tub?
Who would use our hot tub?
Well, the answer is both
more and less disturbing than you think.
- Who is it?
- Stuart.
He heard me talking about us going away.
I guess he decided to invite himself over.
Should we say something to him?
Maybe. Wait, how about,
"Hey, you look like
a boiled chicken breast!"
I meant like, "What are you doing here?"
No, that's not gonna hurt his feelings.
Why is nothing easy with him?
Look, here's the thing you need
to understand about Sheldon,
he's the worst.
I prefer to think of it
as high-maintenance.
I prefer to think of myself as 5'10",
but I still need to get
all my pants hemmed.
Guess I should have known
what I was getting myself into.
Don't beat yourself up,
you've never lived with anyone before.
That's true.
And you're starting out
with Sheldon Cooper.
I mean, that's like getting your
first pet and having it be,
I don't know. What...
What's a kind of pet that ruins your life?
You're not making me feel better.
Look, even when Penny
and I started living together
there was a learning curve,
but, I promise you it does get easier.
He put a sign up
in the bathroom that says,
"Number of days without
Amy's hair on the soap."
Yeah, my record was six.
Is it me, or is there something fun
about watching him just float there?
Maybe this is why people get fish tanks.
Who just turned the porch lights on?
Is someone else here?
They must've left the tub on,
good thing I stopped by.
Ah...
Oh, my God!
What are you doing here?
Maybe Howard and Bernadette
said I could be here?
Did they?
Just answer the question,
what are you doing here?
I had nothing else to do tonight.
Well, the last couple of months,
I come here when I know they're not home.
- What?
- They heard me in the bushes once,
but they thought it was a raccoon.
I told you raccoons don't say, "Uh-oh."
You know, one night Leonard's
nose whistled so loud,
I swear it was like
sleeping on a train track.
Have you noticed it's always an A-flat?
Is it?
Ugh! It's like his sinuses
are right here in the car.
If we're just gonna
drive around aimlessly,
the least you could do
is take me for ice cream.
Yeah, I'll take you for ice cream.
Well, see?
Now why can't Amy be that subservient?
She has coitus one time,
suddenly she's Gloria Steinem.
Anyway, I suppose an ice cream parlor
will be a good place to meet other women.
Oh, please, you're barely interested in
a physical relationship with one person.
Why would you want to
confuse and disappoint others?
Being with Amy has awoken
the sexual creature within.
Well, when I see a pretty gal
walking down the street
I think, "Hubba, hubba"
like any other guy.
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
'Cause it's fine.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
Shall we toast?
To Howard and Bernadette,
and the house key
they never asked me to return.
You said you got it back!
Well, clearly I lied.
So, how's your apartment?
Not great, the electricity's out.
So, why don't you get it fixed?
I called and they're all like,
"Pay your bill!"
If you need somewhere to crash,
there's always my place.
No. I don't wanna be an inconvenience,
you've got all your lady friends and...
Actually I'm single now.
What? When did that happen?
It's okay, it's by choice.
Well, their choice and it's not okay.
Sorry. I didn't know.
Nobody does,
I was embarrassed,
so I didn't say anything.
Why wouldn't he tell us?
Are we bad friends?
He's in our hot tub drinking our wine.
Yeah, he deserves to be alone.
So, you're back out on
the dating scene now?
Yeah, yeah, a little.
Well, that must be fun. How's that going?
I'm in a hot tub with you, so, pretty bad.
Maybe I should just give in to
his stupid bathroom schedule.
No, don't do that.
- But you did!
- Exactly!
Learn from my mistakes.
No matter where I am, at 7:18 a.m.,
there better be a toilet nearby.
It's just so much easier
to give him what he wants.
Well, true.
But, think of how much
you've accomplished.
Who got him to stop
purelling his pocket change?
Me.
And who got him to put things other
than gloves in the glove compartment?
Me, it was mittens.
And who got him to try a turkey dog?
That was actually Koothrappali,
but I did let him spit it out in my hand.
How can you stop now?
That's like walking out of Pinocchio
right before he becomes a real boy.
You know, you're right,
I'm in this relationship, too.
I need to stand up for myself.
Of course you do.
And if he doesn't like it
he can move back here.
He can try,
he'd just need a good locksmith.
Well, who are you gonna hit on?
Girl in front of us got strawberry,
that's your favorite.
No, no, if we both like it,
I'll spend the rest of my life
opening the freezer and going,
"Oh. No strawberry."
What about the girl behind the counter?
Well, she spends her whole day scooping,
one arm's probably bigger than the other.
Is it possible you might not
actually want to meet someone?
You are truly wise.
Thank you.
I'd say wise beyond your years
but you're getting up there.
All right.
Come on, what is really going on with you?
Penny, I am going to tell you a story
that I've never told anyone.
All right.
I was 13 years old
and on spring break from college.
Not relating, go on.
I came home early because
they ran out of math to teach me.
Now I'm with you. Right.
My mother was at Bible study.
I walked in the house
expecting to find it empty
and I heard a sound
coming from my parents' bedroom.
When I opened the door, I saw my father
having relations with another woman.
- Oh, my... That's awful.
- I know.
It's also why I never open
a door without knocking three times.
The first one's traditional
but two and three are for
people to get their pants on.
Well, what happened with your dad?
We locked eyes, I ran to my room
and we never, ever spoke of it.
You poor thing.
Since Amy and I have been living together
we've been bickering
like my parents used to.
And you're afraid you're gonna
do something like your dad did?
Yes. I need to prepare her now
to save her from pain down the road.
Down the road? Sheldon, she wanted
to share a toothbrush holder with you
and now you're at an ice cream parlor
trying to pick up women!
Well, anything can sound silly
when you put it in that tone.
Honey, instead of worrying about
pain you may cause in the future,
how about trying to fix the pain
you're causing her right now?
I'm sure you're right.
And I suppose I should
apologize to you, as well.
- Okay.
- That must have hurt,
watching me look for other women
without ever even considering you.
Please understand that
I think of you as more of a nanny.
Just finish your ice cream
so I can get you home to bed.
I wonder if this is what it feels like
to be Bernadette's baby.
I don't know, Bernadette's baby
doesn't have a Jacuzzi jet
hitting just the right spot.
Those jets are for
my secret spot, not his.
What do you do in there?
It's called relaxing
and that's all you need to know.
Well,
it's getting late,
maybe we should head home.
Yeah, probably right.
- You coming?
- Yeah, just give me a minute.
Why?
Well, you know how you're
wearing a bathing suit?
Yeah?
I kind of went the other way.
You jackasses just bought
yourselves a hot tub!
- What do you think?
- It's a nice enough spot.
You know, if I'm going to start
standing up for myself,
- this is exactly the kind...
- Hi.
Oh, hi. Hi.
- Hello.
- How you guys doing?
We're doing good.
I think Sheldon has something
he would like to say to Amy.
I wanted to apologize
for my behavior today. It...
It was unnecessary.
This is warm.
Oh, and also,
I am willing to forego
the bathroom schedule.
- Really?
- Why does she get that? We never got that!
- Do you want him back?
- I'm very happy for you.
Amy, you should know,
I was never really interested
in seeing other women.
And to prove how serious I am about us,
I'm willing to take our relationship
to the next level.
Amy Farrah Fowler,
will you share this
toothbrush holder with me?
I would love to.
Did we really need to be here for this?
Call me crazy but I found it moving.
English - SDH